hey guys what's up this pants are dragon
and today we'll be doing episode 8 of
mechanics this series is all about
showing you flash tricks that that
champion has them or just showing you
some cool tips and tricks with them and
in this series we'll be going through
every champion in the game as every
champion has something unique about them
and only they can do in this video we'll
be featuring Karma
Karthus Kassadin Katarina Cale Kazakhs
and kog'maw we won't be doing Calista
because there already is a video solely
on her and there will be an annotation
in the top left corner so if you do you
want to learn what Calista I recommend
you clicking it anyways with all that
being said let's get started
all right so first up we're gonna be
talking about Karma so she has a flash
trick where she can cast her cue and
then flash to surprise the enemy as
stated in previous videos it's good for
catching that enemy off guard since they
do see you casting it at a range where
it shouldn't hit them this works for any
type of cue so you can use your magic
cue or of course the basic cute next
trick if you aren't a caramel player
like me and you're in a solo Lane and
you have two CS did you know that using
your matric e does damage the minions
and thus you can last hit with it if you
need to even though it states in the
tooltip that it does deal damage to
people who are shielded by the magic e
some people do tend to forget that it
does that and only think of it as an AoE
shield that gives moving speed and may
not realize that you can actually use it
that last hit on the tower so it was a
pretty useful tip that I noticed when I
was watching a karma soloing player
named Nico 44 next tip did you know as
Karthus when you're in your passive
state you cannot put wards down but
surprisingly you can actually put your
trinket down so if you're in your
passive state and you do have that
trinket ward might as well use it since
you might be running teleport and I
guess maybe revive and you want to get
back into that fight then of course you
can do so or of course if you have the
Farsight orb then you can try and scout
someone who is low at the set up for
your ultimate although you know it's not
really useful tip since if you're about
to die you might as well put the trinket
before you die but it is good to know if
you forget the user trinket and next up
is gonna be one of my favorite tricks of
Karthus is max and e on a raft starting
with the guardian or frost Fang your
choice and basically just suiciding
trust me it works I've only lost once
doing this trick since we were all 8p
but trust me it takes no skill to do
this you'll get a lot of kills you'll
have fun then you'll probably win the
game because Karthus is AoE damage is
super strong especially if he's maxing
out that e first now if your team thinks
you're trolling well prove them wrong
show them who did the most damage at the
end of the game and I'm pretty sure
they'll finally understand the power of
suicide Karthus they just don't
understand the power of the file sure I
mean you have to think about you know
engaging a bit but usually the engages
when you put up that wall and just
suicide and that enemy team plus when
you are dead in your passive this also
counts towards your death timer so if
you do have a 20 second death timer
cut down to 12 seconds and you're back
up to do some more damage
remember feeding is winning as Karthus
in a ram the next trick is going to be
extending cassadines are and basically
what you want to do is get the are range
over half the wall so that you appear on
the other side it's kind of the same
mechanic as fatal sixes are so it's
pretty similar and you can do this with
multiple walls they are of course
decreasing the range with Cass students
are on the next patch so I might have to
revise us in on our video and show you
some other cool walls next trick is
gonna be Katerina taking an award that
was just placed using her shunpo so what
you want to do is when you see a enemy
put out a ward you want to shunpo to it
and immediately Auto Attack it because
if you don't immediately Auto Attack it
you probably won't get the warden time
and only get off two hits next up we're
gonna be talking about kale and I'm
gonna be giving you some advice since
there's not really any cool tricks with
her so basically what I see in like
bronze silver and gold is people using
kills ultimate when people are low and
are about to die that's all good to have
the mindset for if you're zilean or
maybe say Yorick but in this case you
want to use your ultimate to nullify all
the damage you can so that enemies burst
is wasted on to that target and now they
have no more purse and so that ultimate
could be game-changing if there was a
teamfight back in season one and two I
always it the same thing I use my
ultimate and when people who are low and
I needed to save them but once I
understood what spells were incoming and
teamfights from the enemy team that's
when I realized I can use my ultimate to
nullify a lot it first coming from the
enemy team alright so for the next tip
is gonna be with Kenan and I'm not a
hundred percent sure about this in the
laning phase the only way I see it ideal
is if you're maxing Q but anyways if you
can get a charge on the enemy by say all
attack proc with your W you can leave it
on him for a while and you can all
attack the creeps to get your stacks
back up and once you get that second
stack you can use your W and W passive
to stun them to ensure that you hit your
Q but say if I were macking on W then of
course you might want to use your W just
for harass I'm not a hundred percent
sure if this is efficient or maybe you
should activate your W just for some
horizontal enemy but it is still
interesting to know alright so the next
trick is going to be with Kazakhs and
it's going to be similar to a karmas Q
flash drink so what you're gonna do is
use your W and then flash towards enemy
as you can see I start casting it before
I flush and then
the void spikes was repositioned in
where I flashed that so if you do need
to secure to slow onto somebody then you
can use this trick next trick the same
concept as applied to kog'maw skew this
however does not work with his II so
again cast your queue right before you
flash and then if she go towards the
enemy it's actually pretty funny because
it works with Kasich's is w and kog'maw
skew but it doesn't work with cannons q
for some reason but anyways I guess this
would be useful if say your AP kog'maw
and you got to finish off someone next
step and honestly a pretty useful one so
I'm not sure about you guys but what I
did when I was in kog'maw passive was
I'd always try and right click around
the enemy and try and follow him that
way what I didn't realize was I could
just right-click him once or he's attack
move on to him and I would follow him it
also follows people into the bush and it
keeps following them so it's pretty
useful when you don't want to get juked
as you can see the only command is you'd
was attack move onto gangplank and then
I let go of the mouse to control
gangplank on another computer now I
wouldn't rely on this trick a hundred
percent because sometimes it kind of
bugs out and stops following the enemy
so what I recommend is keep swimming
attack move on to the enemy when you see
him or her hey guys so thank you guys
for watching this video I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you guys did enjoy this
video check out other related videos up
there there's mechanic's miss tricks and
tips champions from 2h and then there's
mechanics advanced tricks and tips with
champions from I to J and then there's
mechanics was with Kalista so check that
up - since Costa wasn't included in this
video
and again thank you guys for watching
this video I hope you guys enjoyed it if
you guys did enjoy it subscribe right
there special thanks to my sponsors with
the fast and awkward drop and I will see
you guys next time